Hello dear friends with you again
circle tv and immediately ask me to forgive
any sounds of a dog or something else
something if you hear just well on
govna street hello
opened the window i cant just really
stuffy and so please immediately forgive me
and this is by the way this is also necessary
sorry sorry so here today
will we have a video on isu
this is our car level 7 period she and
eerily there the tower you sit two arnold
Schwarzenegger twins charge our
122 mm cannon with penetration 175
units and one-time damage and tea shim
eighth level
in 650 units and chuck in that case
two arnold my rammer and all
we have such buns six seconds to 6
seconds and gun 122 millimeter at once
UFO us something rival that is
it turns out that we have a tool to
per minute causes well about 6 half
thousand damage
take e90 e90 put in a minute
about 6 half thousand cubes that is
tank level 10 inflicts and per minute
as much damage as the seventh tank
something here is unclean yes probably
but in reality it 's not that bad
Of course imba machine but if against
Islam or take and santa then you
win if you don’t have it
curves
but this is really important from
Nerfit need recharge do at least
2 times longer then the car will be
according to the balance so let's say
or guns are made a little over to her son
recharge gave us 10 seconds to bring
it will then be fine with us
there is armor but it is purely in here
Basically for a tick forehead tower not
makes his way but makes his way huge
commander turret well and 120 food
120 mm hull armor with
slopes sometimes catches ricochets and
non-penetration but this does not always happen
so you better rely on you on
a strong head if not to substitute
your brain tumor then
everything will be fine of course
rely on your wild just gun
which is capable
just humiliate opponents one- on- one
of a can only beat another of
no there t-43 no tiger its
will kill
simply because one-time damage from Isa
huge yes and the wildest rate
give maybe 175 units break through it
not too much but enough to
quite comfortable feel on
seventh level get the seventh 8th
all is quite good here 9 will be
tight gold ruler of 217 units so
what if you charge it and not at all
bathe here is such a tank yet he and
quick to the same if add
it turns out we have a maximum of about
thirty four kilometers per hour that
cool and we're driving these 34 comments now
we type quite sharply
car moving car just with
unreal epic cannon and two
Arnold my and of course there is armor
that is, it is imba on the seventh level
which is recommended to download absolutely
everybody why is why I decided once again
I started to talk to her
such a small pattern that this
The machine is no worse than creams 8 levels
right hands up
take 5 6 7 thousand damage per
battle it's quite possible to make this not
the cookies
on and then you will receive a vip
account somewhere in the 50,000 net if
Of course you will not receive much damage in
the answer is 40 50 thousand for the fight
can still be taken out with a cream account and
it's cool if you're not ready to buy
premium tank
and if you are ready then you can in principle
This chip for yourself does not mark
because it's time to make it better
let's say such a 701 time with him of course
and
nothing and no one really compares
just the top ten cool game anyone
will take issue for example
but I was distracted in general iso
It is recommended to download absolutely everyone and yes
before him the cars are pretty good
what to in
that to him who is he to his nickname
you are not only you kv-2 also someone good
machine with spouse stock tool
dreams just too giga period she and in
overall this is a complete branch of happiness so
let's say level 7 goes further from 3
so pretty ambiguous and so
average if so and what car if
not bad
from 8 is also something else and pleasure from 7 well
and schema
already more or less a tank but someone likes
I like this myself I like him on these
objectively my opinion you may find
stuff dofig damage and you this machine
will be liked if of course not seen
37 then go to the channel video on it
there is
although maybe this is my few
negative shots actually 7
not bad just my hands to him are not
lie and the soul does not lie so all
swing and bend over and
earn on this machine yet
possible and until it faded and maybe
be it and there will be no yet like
developers were not going to say
so let's farm guys but with you
let's make it good bye